SCIZOR: [EXERTION]
ASH: All right,
Greninja, use Double Team!
GRENINJA: [DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
SCIZOR: [EXERTION]
SCIZOR: [CONFUSED]
TRAINER:
Don't stop! Use Bullet Punch!
SCIZOR: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SCIZOR: [BULLET PUNCH MOVE]
ASH: All right, Aerial Ace!
GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
SCIZOR: [IMPACT]
SCIZOR: [PAINED]
BONNIE: Way to go!
DEDENNE: [HAPPY]
ASH/PIKACHU: All right!
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
TRAINER A: Are you okay, Scizor?
SCIZOR: [AFFIRMATIVE]
TRAINER A: Great.
Take a good rest.
TRAINER A: Thank you, Scizor.
TRAINER A: Your Greninja
sure is strong! Awesome moves.
Fast and powerful!
ASH: Thank you very much!
PIKACHU/ GRENINJA: [PLEASED]
CLEMONT: Good work, Ash! What a
great battle to have before your
Snowbelle Gym
battle takes place.
ASH: Yeah!
SERENA: Ash? I know you're
going to win your Gym battle!
ASH: Thanks! That'll
be my eighth Kalos Gym badge!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
SAWYER: It's been awhile!
How's it going, everyone?
ASH: Hey, it's Sawyer!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
NARRATOR: On their way to
Snowbelle City, our heroes have
run into their friend Sawyer,
a young Trainer who admires Ash.
ASH: The Snowbelle Gym?
SAWYER: Yeah!
That's the gym where I earned
my eighth Gym badge!
ASH: Whoa, you got
your eighth badge already?!
SAWYER: Uh huh!
ASH: Wow
ASH: That's so awesome!
BONNIE: Sure is. Nice work!
ASH: I've still got seven. Guess
you beat me to it, didn't you?
SAWYER: I was kind of jealous
when I saw your badges before.
I knew what I had to do.
SAWYER: I had to work hard
so I could catch up to you!
ASH: Well I'm up next.
And I'll win, too!
SERENA: Sawyer? So, what type
of Gym is the Snowbelle Gym?
SAWYER:
Snowbelle is an Ice‐type Gym.
CLEMONT: And that means Water
types should do really well!
ASH: Then I'll use
Greninja for the win!
SERENA: Since the two of
you did so well against Diantha
SAWYER: You
actually battled the Champion?!
BONNIE: Yup! She
was using Mega Gardevoir, too!
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Uh huh. It was great.
Greninja and I merged completely
while the battle was going.
SAWYER: You merged?
Like that time back
when we had our battle?
ASH: Not quiteIt was more
like It just really clicked.
SAWYER: Uh
BONNIE: And Greninja had a big
Water Shuriken on its back!
SAWYER: A big Water Shuriken?
BONNIE: And its head got all
pointy‐looking like "voomp" and
it was so totally cool!
SAWYER: Voomp?
SERENA: I don't think Sawyer
quite understands what you mean.
ASH: So why don't
we just show you?
Wanna battle
with me and Greninja?
SAWYER: You're on! So how
aboutI'm thinking we should
have a three‐on‐three battle!
SAWYER: I wanna have a battle
just like we had last time, that
way I can see just how much
stronger I've gotten since then.
And I think that
would be a great way to see!
ASH: You've got it, Sawyer!
OFFICER JENNY: Up ahead?
VILLAGER A: Yeah.
MANECTRIC: [NOTICING]
OFFICER JENNY: Something?
VILLAGER B: That's it!
The sound we heard earlier!
OFFICER JENNY: What's making it?
VILLAGER B: It's getting closer.
OFFICER JENNY:
The sound stopped!
PACHIRISU X 2/STARLY X
2/STARAVIA X 2/VIVILLON X
2/PATRAT X
2/SPINARAK/SENTRET : [PANICKING]
OFFICER JENNY: What is it?
OFFICER JENNY: Run, everybody!
SKIPLOOM: [PANICKING]
VILLAGER A: Officer Jenny!
MANECTRIC: [DETERMINED]
MANECTRIC: [JUMP] [THREATENING]
MANECTRIC: [GROWLING]
FLARE GRUNT M: Residual energy
confirmed. Compared to the total
amount of the discharge,
it is three units higher
than initial estimate.
TEAM FLARE ADMIN M:
Discrepancy from planned output
approximately two percent.
TEAM FLARE ADMIN F: Both
are within the margin of error.
XEROSIC :
Any damage to the Cells?
TEAM FLARE ADMIN M: Negative.
Their energy depletion
level is greatly reduced.
TEAM FLARE ADMIN F: Results
far exceed our expectations.
LYSANDRE: I see.
Continue the experiments.
LYSANDRE: Make
sure it's fully operational.
XEROSIC: Understood. Out.
LYSANDRE: We'll need you a
little further down the road.
SQUISHY: You! Answer me!
What's wrong? Can you hear me?
Are you safe?
BONNIE: Squishy? Ash
and Sawyer are going to battle!
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
SQUISHY: [QUESTIONING]
BONNIE: Hey, what's wrong?
BONNIE:
You're worried about someone
SQUISHY: [SURPRISED]
BONNIE: Don't worry!
You always have us!
BONNIE: Squishy and me, nuzzling
cheeks. Best friends forever
we're so happy. I'll care for
you and always be with you.
Sweet little Squishy, here's my
song for you. My sweet Squishy,
it's true!
My sweet Squishy, that's you!
SAWYER: Hey,
Ash, what's that thing?
CLEMONT: It's a Battle Pulse
Meter. It closely monitors Ash
and Greninja's emotional
synchronization, essential for
Greninja's powering up.
SAWYER: That's great.
ASH: 'Kay! Ready?
SAWYER: Ready!
SAWYER: First one
up is Doublade! Let's go!
DOUBLADE: [APPEARING]
ASH: Check it out!
POKEDEX: Doublade. The Sword
Pokémon, and the evolved form of
Honedge. Doublade's attacks are
so rapid and intricate, it is
said to be impossible for even a
master swordsman to stop them.
ASH : Wow. Guess Honedge
evolved since our last battle
ASH: In that case
ASH: Noivern, I choose you!
NOIVERN: [APPEARING]
SAWYER: That's totally cool that
your Noibat evolved as well!
Awesome!
ASH: And it's
gotten really strong!
ASH: Noi‐ vern! Use Acrobatics!
NOIVERN: [ACROBATICS MOVE]
SAWYER: Doublade, Iron Defense!
DOUBLADE: [IRON DEFENSE MOVE]
NOIVERN: [IMPACT]
ASH: Go on offense
and use Acrobatics again!
NOIVERN: [ACROBATICS MOVE]
SAWYER: Use Iron
Defense, one more time!
DOUBLADE: [IRON DEFENSE MOVE]
NOIVERN: [IMPACT]
BONNIE: It blocked it again!
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
NOIVERN: [IMPACTS]
CLEMONT: Sawyer's plan is to
exhaust Noivern by blocking all
of its attacks
using Iron Defense!
NOIVERN: [PANTING]
SAWYER: Way to go!
All right, Doublade, use Slash!
DOUBLADE : [SLASH MOVE]
NOIVERN: [IMPACT]
SAWYER: Finish
it up with Night Slash!
DOUBLADE: [NIGHT SLASH MOVE]
DOUBLADE: [QUESTIONING]
DOUBLADE: [STARTLED]
ASH: Use Dragon Claw!
NOIVERN: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
DOUBLADE: [PAINED]
SAWYER: No, Doublade!
ASH: Use Acrobatics!
NOIVERN: [ACROBATICS MOVE]
DOUBLADE: [IMPACT]
SAWYER: Doublade!
DOUBLADE: [PAINED]
SERENA: Ash won!
SAWYER: Thanks, Doublade. You
deserve a good rest. Noivern
knew Doublade's position and
exact timing. It attacked in the
dust cloud! How did it know?
ASH: Noivern was using
sound waves the entire time!
NOIVERN: [AGREEMENT]
SAWYER: I get it. That's whyI
Gotta make a note
of this experience!
ASH: Ready?
Time for your next Pokémon!
SAWYER: Right!
SAWYER: Here we go!
CLAWITZER: [APPEARING]
ASH: Hey, that's
POKEDEX: Clawitzer. The Howitzer
Pokémon, and the
evolved form of Clauncher.
Clawitzer can travel at nearly
seventy miles an hour when it
propels itself by shooting water
from the back of its claw.
ASH: Clawitzer, huh
SAWYER: This time, I'll win!
Now, Clawitzer, use Crabhammer!
CLAWITZER: [CRABHAMMER MOVE]
ASH: Dodge it,
then use Boomburst!
NOIVERN: [DODGING]
CLAWITZER: [CRABHAMMER MOVE]
NOIVERN: [BOOMBURST MOVE]
CLAWITZER: [PAINED]
SAWYER: You're gonna be fine!
Heal Pulse, go!
CLAWITZER: [HEAL PULSE MOVE]
BONNIE: Wow, it's glowing!
DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING]
CLEMONT: That's right! Heal
Pulse is a move that restores a
Pokémon's health. It also worked
with Mega Launcher, Clawitzer's
Ability, which
helped Clawitzer recover!
SERENA: No way!
ASH: Noivern, use Dragon Claw!
NOIVERN: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
SAWYER:
Clawitzer, use Dragon Pulse!
CLAWITZER: [DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
NOIVERN: [PAINED]
ASH: Noivern!
NOIVERN: [STRUGGLING]
SAWYER: ALL RIGHT!
BONNIE: Look at that!
SERENA:
Was that its Ability, too?
CLEMONT: Yes. It increases the
power of aura and pulse moves!
ASH: Thanks, Noivern!
That battle was great.
ASH: Hawlucha, I choose you!
HAWLUCHA: [APPEARING]
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Doublade!"
HAWLUCHA: [DODGING]
[HIGH JUMP KICK MOVE]
SAWYER: Use Dragon Pulse!
ASH: Quick, dodge it!
CLAWITZER: [WATER GUN MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [DODGING]
HAWLUCHA: [LANDING]
ASH: All right, Mega Launcher's
impressive but check this out!
HAWLUCHA: [JUMPING]
ASH: Grab it by the claw!
HAWLUCHA: [DIVING]
SAWYER: I knew you were going
to do that, Ash! Clawitzer,
use Dragon Pulse on the ground!
CLAWITZER: [DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [SURPRISED]
BONNIE: How can it be flying?!
ASH: Wanna have a battle
in the air, huh? Hawlucha,
get above it!
HAWLUCHA: [JUMPING]
CLAWITZER: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: Use Flying Press!
HAWLUCHA: [FLYING PRESS MOVE]
SAWYER: Closer now
SAWYER: All right!
Ice Beam, let's go!
CLAWITZER: [ICE BEAM MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [SHOCKED]
ASH: Hawlucha!
SERENA:
They were waiting for that!
CLEMONT: Ice Beam's super
effective against Hawlucha!
HAWLUCHA: [PAINED]
ASH: Thanks, Hawlucha.
You deserve a good rest.
I was so worried about pulse
moves, that Ice Beam caught me
totally off guard.
SAWYER: I taught it to Clawitzer
to deal with its disadvantage
against Grass types.
I'm glad it worked.
CLAWITZER: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT: So Clawitzer used
Dragon Pulse to dodge instead of
attacking, and dealt the final
blow with Ice Beam, effective
against Hawlucha.
The way he called those moves
was very precise.
SERENA: Sawyer studies
really hard and it shows.
CLEMONT: I can see why he
won all eight Gym badges!
ASH: Wow Sawyer's
got so much more strength now
then he had before.
ASH: We can't let our
guard down at all! Greninja!
Are you ready to go?
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SAWYER: Greninja
SAWYER: This battle's gonna
be great experience for us!
We'll do our best! Clawitzer,
Dragon Pulse, let's go!
CLAWITZER: [DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
ASH: Dodge it
GRENINJA: [DODGING]
SAWYER: Fast!
ASH: Now what? Do we just go for
it? What move is Sawyer
gonna use next?
SAWYER: Clawitzer, Ice Beam, go!
ASH: Greninja, now use Cut!
CLAWITZER: [ICE BEAM MOVE]
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
CLAWITZER: [PAINED]
SAWYER: Clawitzer!
BONNIE:
So strong! So fast! So cool!
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
SERENA: Clemont? What's up?
CLEMONT: Their battle pulses
are still staying separate.
It's not merging like when
they battled against Diantha.
SERENA: I wonder why
SAWYER:
You were awesome, Clawitzer.
Just leave the rest to us.
SAWYER: Sceptile, now. GO!
SCEPTILE: [APPEARING]
ASH: The battle's almost over
SAWYER: Now it's time to really
show you how strong I've become!
So get ready, Ash!
SAWYER: Here we go I know I've
already won eight Gym badges.
But I'm up against
Ash now. I've gotta beat him!
SAWYER: It'll be proof I've
become a full‐fledged Trainer.
I've gotta make
sure he knows it!
SAWYER: And winning this battle
is the best way to do it!
SAWYER: You ready, Sceptile?
Leaf Blade, let's go!
SCEPTILE: [ROARING]
ASH: Now it's time to show you
what we're made of! All right,
Greninja! Use Aerial Ace!
GRENINJA: [JUMPING]
SCEPTILE: [LEAF BLADE MOVE]
GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
SAWYER: Bullet Seed, go!
SCEPTILE: [BULLET SEED MOVE]
ASH: Use Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
SAWYER: Now, Leaf Blade!
SCEPTILE: [LEAF BLADE MOVE]
GRENINJA: [DODGING]
ASH: Double Team, go!
GRENINJA: [DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
SAWYER:
Weed it out with Leaf Blade!
SCEPTILE: [LEAF BLADE MOVE]
GRENINJA: [DODGING]
SERENA: So fast!
CLEMONT: Greninja's great at
close range, but they're taking
it on anyway?
ASH: Greninja! Now, use Cut!
GRENINJA: [RUNNING]
SAWYER: Back away!
SCEPTILE: [DODGING]
SCEPTILE: [LANDING]
SAWYER: Use Leaf Storm!
SCEPTILE: [LEAF STORM MOVE]
GRENINJA: [YELLING]
ASH: No way!
GRENINJA: [IMPACT]
SCEPTILE: [YELLING]
SERENA:
It stayed away this time!
CLEMONT: Sceptile is
amazing close up and long range!
ASH: You've gotta get up!
PIKACHU: [ENCOURAGING]
GRENINJA: [DETERMINED]
ASH: You two are good!
ASH: There are some things you
just can't know unless you have
a battle Sawyer's gotten really
strong! It's obvious he must've
trained really hard Otherwise he
couldn't have gotten this
strong so quickly!
SAWYER: Being able to adapt to
any situation and choose the
most effective moves I learned
how to do all of that from Ash!
ASH: They've really surprised
me. Greninja, Aerial Ace!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SAWYER: Heads up!
SCEPTILE: [BRACING]
GRENINJA: [RUNNING]
GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
SCEPTILE: [DODGING]
GRENINJA: [SHOCKED]
GRENINJA: [FRUSTRATED]
ASH: Greninja, here we go!
GRENINJA: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: All right We're
gonna battle as one!
GRENINJA: [RUNNING]
SCEPTILE: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: It's not happening!
CLEMONT: The waveforms
They're separating!
ASH: Wait. How did we
do it in the first place?!
GRENINJA: [QUESTIONING]
SAWYER: All right,
Sceptile, use Leaf Storm!
SCEPTILE: [LEAF STORM MOVE]
GRENINJA: [IMPACT]
ASH: No, Greninja!
PIKACHU: [YELLING]
SAWYER:
Finish this with Leaf Blade!
SCEPTILE: [LEAF BLADE MOVE]
GRENINJA: [IMPACT]
GRENINJA: [PAINED]
SCEPTILE: [SATISFIED]
ASH: Greninja, you okay?!
GRENINJA: [EXHAUSTED]
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
ASH: Guess we lost.
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SAWYER: We beat
Greninja We did it
SAWYER: Amazing! We won!
Sceptile, we really beat Ash!
SCEPTILE: [AGREEMENT]
BONNIE:
I can't believe Ash lost.
CLEMONT: It happens sometimes.
It's almost
impossible to win every battle.
SERENA: And don't forget
Sawyer's gotten really strong.
CLEMONT: Right. I can't imagine
how hard he must have trained to
become so strong so quickly.
ASH:
Thanks, Greninja. Now, return.
PIKACHU: [CONCERNED]
ASH: Sawyer got me good.
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
SAWYER: Ash?
SAWYER: Uh, do you
think I've gotten strong?
ASH: Yeah. You're really strong!
ASH: You surprised me
ASH: I wonder why we
couldn't make it happen today.
CLEMONT: I really have no idea.
Your battle pulses didn't
overlap even once during the
whole time you were battling.
ASH: Ah, forget it!
No point making ourselves crazy.
ASH: You'd better not get used
to beating me, though! Okay?
SAWYER: Okay!
ASH: Now, let's get back on
the road to the Snowbelle Gym!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SAWYER: Hey, do you
think I could come along?
It would be awesome to be there
when you have your battle!
ASH: Sure! You can watch
me win my eighth Gym badge!
Let's all go!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Ah, Snowbelle City.
There it is, up ahead!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
NARRATOR: Our heroes are finally
closing in on Snowbelle
City, and Ash's battle to win
his eighth Kalos Gym badge is
soon to begin,
as the journey continues!